Privacy Policy

TECHIESpirals

Effective Date: [Insert Date]

TECHIESpirals (“we,” “our,” or “us”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the personal data of our users, clients, and visitors. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our website, use our software products, or engage with our services.

By accessing or using our services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

1. Information We Collect

We may collect information about you in a variety of ways, including:

a. Personal Information

Information that can identify you as an individual, such as:

Name

Email address

Phone number

Company name

Job title

Billing and payment information

Any other information you voluntarily provide through forms, emails, or support requests

b. Technical and Usage Information

Automatically collected information, including:

IP address

Browser type and version

Operating system

Device information

Pages visited and time spent on our website

Referring URLs

Application usage logs and diagnostics

c. Cookies and Tracking Technologies

We use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to:

Improve website functionality

Analyze usage and performance

Remember user preferences

You can control cookie preferences through your browser settings.

2. How We Use Your Information

TECHIESpirals may use the information we collect for the following purposes:

To provide, operate, and maintain our software and services

To communicate with you, including responding to inquiries and providing support

To process transactions and manage billing

To improve our products, services, and user experience

To send service-related updates, security alerts, or administrative messages

To send marketing or promotional communications (you may opt out at any time)

To comply with legal obligations and enforce our terms

3. How We Share Your Information

We do not sell or rent your personal information. We may share your information only in the following circumstances:

With Service Providers: Trusted third parties who assist us in operating our business (e.g., hosting, analytics, payment processing)

For Legal Compliance: When required by law, regulation, or legal process

To Protect Rights: To protect the rights, safety, or property of TECHIESpirals, our users, or others

Business Transfers: In connection with a merger, acquisition, or sale of company assets

All third parties are required to maintain the confidentiality and security of your information.

4. Data Security

We implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal information against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
However, no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee absolute security.

5. Data Retention

We retain personal information only for as long as necessary to:

Fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy

Comply with legal, accounting, or reporting requirements

When information is no longer required, it is securely deleted or anonymized.

6. Your Privacy Rights

Depending on your location, you may have the right to:

Access the personal data we hold about you

Request correction or updating of inaccurate information

Request deletion of your personal data

Object to or restrict certain processing activities

Withdraw consent where processing is based on consent

To exercise your rights, please contact us using the details provided below.

7. Third-Party Links

Our website or applications may contain links to third-party websites or services. TECHIESpirals is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those third parties. We encourage you to review their privacy policies separately.

8. Children’s Privacy

TECHIESpirals does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 (or the applicable minimum age in your jurisdiction). If we become aware that such information has been collected, we will take steps to delete it promptly.

9. International Data Transfers

If you access our services from outside the country where our servers are located, your information may be transferred to and processed in other countries. We take appropriate measures to ensure such transfers comply with applicable data protection laws.

10. Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes will be posted on this page with an updated effective date. Continued use of our services after changes are posted constitutes acceptance of the revised policy.

11. Contact Us

If you have any questions, concerns, or requests regarding this Privacy Policy or our data practices, please contact us:

TECHIESpirals
Email: [privacy@techiespirals.com
]
Address: [Insert Company Address]